src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/block-page.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Block page
sidebar:
  order: 11
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

Gateway responds to any domain blocked at the DNS level with `0.0.0.0` for IPv4 queries or `::` for IPv6 queries, and does not return that blocked domain's IP address. As a result, the browser will show a browser default error page, and users will not be able to reach that website. This may cause confusion and lead some users to think that their Internet connection is not working.

Configuring a custom block page in Zero Trust helps avoid this confusion. Your block page will display information such as the rule ID of the policy blocking the website, a policy-specific block message, your organization's name, and a global message you may want to show — for example, a message explaining that the website has been blocked by Gateway and providing any points of contact for support within the organization.

Gateway supports custom block pages for DNS and HTTP policies.

:::caution[Third-party filtering conflict]

<Render file="gateway/third-party-warning" />

:::

## Prerequisites

In order to display the block page as the URL of the blocked domain, your devices must have a [Cloudflare certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/manual-deployment/) installed. Enterprise users can also [deploy their own root CA certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/custom-certificate/).

## Turn on the block page

For all HTTP Block policies, Gateway automatically displays a generic Cloudflare block page. For DNS Block policies, you will need to enable the block page on a per-policy basis.

To turn on the block page and specify a custom block message:

<Render
	file="gateway/add-block-page"
	params={{
		one: "Gateway > Firewall Policies > DNS or Gateway > Firewall Policies > HTTP",
	}}
/>

## Troubleshoot the block page

If your users receive a security risk warning in their browser when visiting a blocked page, check that you have correctly [installed a Cloudflare certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/manual-deployment/) on their devices.

## Customize the block page

<Render file="gateway/customize-block-page" />

### Add a logo image

<Render file="gateway/add-logo-image" />

### Allow users to email an administrator

You can add a Mailto link to your custom block page, which allows users to directly email you about the blocked site. When users select **Contact your Administrator** on your block page, an email template opens with the email address and subject line you configure, as well as the following diagnostic information:

| Field        | Description                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Site URL     | The URL of the blocked page.                                                                                                                                                            |
| Rule ID      | The ID of the Gateway policy that blocked the page.                                                                                                                                     |
| Source IP    | The public source IP of the user device.                                                                                                                                                |
| Account ID   | The Cloudflare account associated with the block policy.                                                                                                                                |
| User ID      | The ID of the user who visited the page. Currently, User IDs are not surfaced in the dashboard and can only be viewed by calling the [API](/api/resources/zero_trust/subresources/access/subresources/users/methods/list/). |
| Device ID    | The ID of the device that visited the page. This is generated by the WARP client.                                                                                                       |
| Block Reason | Your policy-specific block message.                                                                                                                                                     |

Commit message:

Add banner to HTTP policy pages

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/block-page.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Block page
sidebar:
  order: 11
banner:
  content: The default global Cloudflare root certificate will expire on 2025-02-02. If you installed the default Cloudflare certificate before 2024-10-17, you must <a href="/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/#generate-a-cloudflare-root-certificate">generate a new certificate</a> and activate it for your Zero Trust organization to avoid inspection errors.
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

Gateway responds to any domain blocked at the DNS level with `0.0.0.0` for IPv4 queries or `::` for IPv6 queries, and does not return that blocked domain's IP address. As a result, the browser will show a browser default error page, and users will not be able to reach that website. This may cause confusion and lead some users to think that their Internet connection is not working.

Configuring a custom block page in Zero Trust helps avoid this confusion. Your block page will display information such as the rule ID of the policy blocking the website, a policy-specific block message, your organization's name, and a global message you may want to show — for example, a message explaining that the website has been blocked by Gateway and providing any points of contact for support within the organization.

Gateway supports custom block pages for DNS and HTTP policies.

:::caution[Third-party filtering conflict]

<Render file="gateway/third-party-warning" />

:::

## Prerequisites

In order to display the block page as the URL of the blocked domain, your devices must have a [Cloudflare certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/manual-deployment/) installed. Enterprise users can also [deploy their own root CA certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/custom-certificate/).

## Turn on the block page

For all HTTP Block policies, Gateway automatically displays a generic Cloudflare block page. For DNS Block policies, you will need to enable the block page on a per-policy basis.

To turn on the block page and specify a custom block message:

<Render
	file="gateway/add-block-page"
	params={{
		one: "Gateway > Firewall Policies > DNS or Gateway > Firewall Policies > HTTP",
	}}
/>

## Troubleshoot the block page

If your users receive a security risk warning in their browser when visiting a blocked page, check that you have correctly [installed a Cloudflare certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/manual-deployment/) on their devices.

## Customize the block page

<Render file="gateway/customize-block-page" />

### Add a logo image

<Render file="gateway/add-logo-image" />

### Allow users to email an administrator

You can add a Mailto link to your custom block page, which allows users to directly email you about the blocked site. When users select **Contact your Administrator** on your block page, an email template opens with the email address and subject line you configure, as well as the following diagnostic information:

| Field        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Site URL     | The URL of the blocked page.                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Rule ID      | The ID of the Gateway policy that blocked the page.                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Source IP    | The public source IP of the user device.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Account ID   | The Cloudflare account associated with the block policy.                                                                                                                                                                    |
| User ID      | The ID of the user who visited the page. Currently, User IDs are not surfaced in the dashboard and can only be viewed by calling the [API](/api/resources/zero_trust/subresources/access/subresources/users/methods/list/). |
| Device ID    | The ID of the device that visited the page. This is generated by the WARP client.                                                                                                                                           |
| Block Reason | Your policy-specific block message.                                                                                                                                                                                         |
