src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/common-policies.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Common policies
sidebar:
  order: 1
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Common HTTP policies
---

import { Render, Tabs, TabItem } from "~/components";

The following policies are commonly used to secure HTTP traffic.

Refer to the [HTTP policies page](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/) for a comprehensive list of other selectors, operators, and actions.

## Block sites

Block attempts to reach sites by hostname or URL paths. Different approaches may be required based on how a site is organized.

### Block sites by hostname

Block all subdomains that use a host.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector | Operator      | Value            | Action |
| -------- | ------------- | ---------------- | ------ |
| Host     | matches regex | `.*example\.com` | Block  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block sites by hostname",
  "description": "Block all subdomains that use a specific hostname",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "http.request.host matches \".*example\\.com\"",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

### Block sites by URL

Block a section of a site without blocking the entire site. For example, you can block a specific subreddit, such as `reddit.com/r/gaming`, without blocking `reddit.com`.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector | Operator      | Value       | Action |
| -------- | ------------- | ----------- | ------ |
| URL      | matches regex | `/r/gaming` | Block  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block sites by URL",
  "description": "Block specific parts of a site without blocking the hostname",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "http.request.uri matches \"/r/gaming\"",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Block content categories

Block content categories which go against your organization's acceptable use policy.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector           | Operator | Value                      | Action |
| ------------------ | -------- | -------------------------- | ------ |
| Content Categories | in       | _Adult Themes_, _Gambling_ | Block  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block content categories",
  "description": "Block access to unauthorized adult and gambling applications",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(http.request.uri.content_category[*] in {2 67 125 133 99})",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Block unauthorized applications

<Render file="gateway/policies/block-applications" product="cloudflare-one" />

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector    | Operator | Value                     | Action |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------------------- | ------ |
| Application | in       | _Artificial Intelligence_ | Block  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block unauthorized applications",
  "description": "Block access to unauthorized AI applications",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(app.type.ids[*] in {25})",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Check user identity

<Render file="gateway/policies/check-user-identity" />

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector         | Operator | Value         | Logic | Action |
| ---------------- | -------- | ------------- | ----- | ------ |
| Application      | in       | _Salesforce_  | And   | Block  |
| User Group Names | in       | _Contractors_ |       |        |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Check user identity",
  "description": "Block access to Salesforce by temporary employees and contractors",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(app.ids[*] in {606})",
  "identity": "any(identity.groups.name[*] in {\"Contractors\"})",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Skip inspection for groups of applications

Certain client applications, such as Zoom or Apple services, rely on certificate pinning. The [TLS decryption](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/) performed by Cloudflare Gateway will cause errors when users visit those applications. To avoid this behavior, you must add a Do Not Inspect HTTP policy.

Gateway [evaluates Do Not Inspect policies first](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/order-of-enforcement/#http-policies). We recommend moving your Do Not Inspect policies to the top of the list to reduce confusion.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector    | Operator | Value            | Action         |
| ----------- | -------- | ---------------- | -------------- |
| Application | in       | _Do Not Inspect_ | Do Not Inspect |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Bypass incompatible applications",
  "description": "Skip TLS decryption for applications that are incompatible with Gateway",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "off",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(app.type.ids[*] in {16})",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

:::note
You can select either individual applications or the entire Do Not Inspect set, which will update as new applications are added.
:::

## Check device posture

Require devices to have certain software installed or other configuration attributes. For instructions on setting up a device posture check, refer to [Enforce device posture](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/).

### Enforce a minimum OS version

Perform an [OS version check](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/os-version/) to ensure users are running at least a minimum version.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector                     | Operator | Value                | Action |
| ---------------------------- | -------- | -------------------- | ------ |
| Passed Device Posture Checks | in       | _Minimum OS version_ | Allow  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Require OS version",
  "description": "Perform an OS version check for minimum version",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "allow",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": "any(device_posture.checks.passed[*] in {\"<POSTURE_CHECK_UUID>\"})"
}'
```

To get the UUIDs of your device posture checks, use the [List device posture rules](/api/resources/zero_trust/subresources/devices/subresources/posture/methods/list/) endpoint.

</TabItem> </Tabs>

### Check for a specific file

Perform a [file check](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/file-check/) to ensure users have a certain file on their device.

Since the file path will be different for each operating system, you can configure a file check for each system and use the **Or** logical operator to only require one of the checks to pass.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector                     | Operator | Value              | Logic | Action |
| ---------------------------- | -------- | ------------------ | ----- | ------ |
| Passed Device Posture Checks | in       | _macOS File Check_ | Or    | Allow  |
| Passed Device Posture Checks | in       | _Linux File Check_ |       |        |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Check for specific file",
  "description": "Ensure users have a specific file on their device regardless of operating system",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "allow",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": "any(device_posture.checks.passed[*] in {\"<POSTURE_CHECK_1_UUID>\"}) or any(device_posture.checks.passed[*] in {\"<POSTURE_CHECK_2_UUID>\"})"
}'
```

To get the UUIDs of your device posture checks, use the [List device posture rules](/api/resources/zero_trust/subresources/devices/subresources/posture/methods/list/) endpoint.

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Enforce session duration

[Require users to re-authenticate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-sessions/) after a certain amount of time has elapsed.

## Isolate high risk sites in remote browser

If you are using the [Browser Isolation add-on](/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/), refer to our list of [common Isolate policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/isolation-policies/#common-policies).

## Bypass inspection for self-signed certificates

When accessing origin servers with certificates not signed by a public certificate authority, you must bypass TLS decryption.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector | Operator | Value                  | Action         |
| -------- | -------- | ---------------------- | -------------- |
| Domain   | in       | `internal.example.com` | Do Not Inspect |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Bypass internal site inspection",
  "description": "Bypass TLS decryption for internal sites with self-signed certificates",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "off",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(http.conn.domains[*] in {\"internal.example.com\"})",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Block file types

<Render file="gateway/policies/block-file-types" />

For more information on supported file types, refer to [Download and Upload File Types](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/#download-and-upload-file-types).

## Block Google services

To enable Gateway inspection for Google Drive traffic, you must [add a Cloudflare certificate to Google Drive](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/manual-deployment/#google-drive-for-desktop).

### Block Google Drive downloads

Block file downloads from Google Drive.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector         | Operator      | Value                      | Logic | Action |
| ---------------- | ------------- | -------------------------- | ----- | ------ |
| Application      | in            | _Google Drive_             | And   | Block  |
| URL Path & Query | matches regex | `.*(e=download\|export).*` |       |        |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block Google Drive downloads",
  "description": "Block file downloads from Google Drive",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(app.ids[*] in {554}) and http.request.uri.path_and_query matches \".*(e=download\\|export).*\"",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

### Block Gmail downloads

Block file downloads from Gmail.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector         | Operator | Value                                   | Logic | Action |
| ---------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------- | ----- | ------ |
| Host             | is       | `mail-attachment.googleusercontent.com` | And   | Block  |
| URL Path & Query | is       | `/attachment/u/0`                       |       |        |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block Gmail downloads",
  "description": "Block file downloads from Gmail",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "http.request.host == \"mail-attachment.googleusercontent.com\" and http.request.uri.path_and_query matches \"/attachment/u/0\"",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

Commit message:

Add banner to HTTP policy pages

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/common-policies.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Common policies
sidebar:
  order: 1
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Common HTTP policies
banner:
  content: The default global Cloudflare root certificate will expire on 2025-02-02. If you installed the default Cloudflare certificate before 2024-10-17, you must <a href="/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/#generate-a-cloudflare-root-certificate">generate a new certificate</a> and activate it for your Zero Trust organization to avoid inspection errors.
---

import { Render, Tabs, TabItem } from "~/components";

The following policies are commonly used to secure HTTP traffic.

Refer to the [HTTP policies page](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/) for a comprehensive list of other selectors, operators, and actions.

## Block sites

Block attempts to reach sites by hostname or URL paths. Different approaches may be required based on how a site is organized.

### Block sites by hostname

Block all subdomains that use a host.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector | Operator      | Value            | Action |
| -------- | ------------- | ---------------- | ------ |
| Host     | matches regex | `.*example\.com` | Block  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block sites by hostname",
  "description": "Block all subdomains that use a specific hostname",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "http.request.host matches \".*example\\.com\"",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

### Block sites by URL

Block a section of a site without blocking the entire site. For example, you can block a specific subreddit, such as `reddit.com/r/gaming`, without blocking `reddit.com`.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector | Operator      | Value       | Action |
| -------- | ------------- | ----------- | ------ |
| URL      | matches regex | `/r/gaming` | Block  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block sites by URL",
  "description": "Block specific parts of a site without blocking the hostname",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "http.request.uri matches \"/r/gaming\"",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Block content categories

Block content categories which go against your organization's acceptable use policy.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector           | Operator | Value                      | Action |
| ------------------ | -------- | -------------------------- | ------ |
| Content Categories | in       | _Adult Themes_, _Gambling_ | Block  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block content categories",
  "description": "Block access to unauthorized adult and gambling applications",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(http.request.uri.content_category[*] in {2 67 125 133 99})",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Block unauthorized applications

<Render file="gateway/policies/block-applications" product="cloudflare-one" />

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector    | Operator | Value                     | Action |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------------------- | ------ |
| Application | in       | _Artificial Intelligence_ | Block  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block unauthorized applications",
  "description": "Block access to unauthorized AI applications",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(app.type.ids[*] in {25})",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Check user identity

<Render file="gateway/policies/check-user-identity" />

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector         | Operator | Value         | Logic | Action |
| ---------------- | -------- | ------------- | ----- | ------ |
| Application      | in       | _Salesforce_  | And   | Block  |
| User Group Names | in       | _Contractors_ |       |        |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Check user identity",
  "description": "Block access to Salesforce by temporary employees and contractors",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(app.ids[*] in {606})",
  "identity": "any(identity.groups.name[*] in {\"Contractors\"})",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Skip inspection for groups of applications

Certain client applications, such as Zoom or Apple services, rely on certificate pinning. The [TLS decryption](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/) performed by Cloudflare Gateway will cause errors when users visit those applications. To avoid this behavior, you must add a Do Not Inspect HTTP policy.

Gateway [evaluates Do Not Inspect policies first](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/order-of-enforcement/#http-policies). We recommend moving your Do Not Inspect policies to the top of the list to reduce confusion.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector    | Operator | Value            | Action         |
| ----------- | -------- | ---------------- | -------------- |
| Application | in       | _Do Not Inspect_ | Do Not Inspect |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Bypass incompatible applications",
  "description": "Skip TLS decryption for applications that are incompatible with Gateway",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "off",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(app.type.ids[*] in {16})",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

:::note
You can select either individual applications or the entire Do Not Inspect set, which will update as new applications are added.
:::

## Check device posture

Require devices to have certain software installed or other configuration attributes. For instructions on setting up a device posture check, refer to [Enforce device posture](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/).

### Enforce a minimum OS version

Perform an [OS version check](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/os-version/) to ensure users are running at least a minimum version.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector                     | Operator | Value                | Action |
| ---------------------------- | -------- | -------------------- | ------ |
| Passed Device Posture Checks | in       | _Minimum OS version_ | Allow  |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Require OS version",
  "description": "Perform an OS version check for minimum version",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "allow",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": "any(device_posture.checks.passed[*] in {\"<POSTURE_CHECK_UUID>\"})"
}'
```

To get the UUIDs of your device posture checks, use the [List device posture rules](/api/resources/zero_trust/subresources/devices/subresources/posture/methods/list/) endpoint.

</TabItem> </Tabs>

### Check for a specific file

Perform a [file check](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/file-check/) to ensure users have a certain file on their device.

Since the file path will be different for each operating system, you can configure a file check for each system and use the **Or** logical operator to only require one of the checks to pass.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector                     | Operator | Value              | Logic | Action |
| ---------------------------- | -------- | ------------------ | ----- | ------ |
| Passed Device Posture Checks | in       | _macOS File Check_ | Or    | Allow  |
| Passed Device Posture Checks | in       | _Linux File Check_ |       |        |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Check for specific file",
  "description": "Ensure users have a specific file on their device regardless of operating system",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "allow",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": "any(device_posture.checks.passed[*] in {\"<POSTURE_CHECK_1_UUID>\"}) or any(device_posture.checks.passed[*] in {\"<POSTURE_CHECK_2_UUID>\"})"
}'
```

To get the UUIDs of your device posture checks, use the [List device posture rules](/api/resources/zero_trust/subresources/devices/subresources/posture/methods/list/) endpoint.

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Enforce session duration

[Require users to re-authenticate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-sessions/) after a certain amount of time has elapsed.

## Isolate high risk sites in remote browser

If you are using the [Browser Isolation add-on](/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/), refer to our list of [common Isolate policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/isolation-policies/#common-policies).

## Bypass inspection for self-signed certificates

When accessing origin servers with certificates not signed by a public certificate authority, you must bypass TLS decryption.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector | Operator | Value                  | Action         |
| -------- | -------- | ---------------------- | -------------- |
| Domain   | in       | `internal.example.com` | Do Not Inspect |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Bypass internal site inspection",
  "description": "Bypass TLS decryption for internal sites with self-signed certificates",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "off",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(http.conn.domains[*] in {\"internal.example.com\"})",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Block file types

<Render file="gateway/policies/block-file-types" />

For more information on supported file types, refer to [Download and Upload File Types](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/#download-and-upload-file-types).

## Block Google services

To enable Gateway inspection for Google Drive traffic, you must [add a Cloudflare certificate to Google Drive](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/manual-deployment/#google-drive-for-desktop).

### Block Google Drive downloads

Block file downloads from Google Drive.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector         | Operator      | Value                      | Logic | Action |
| ---------------- | ------------- | -------------------------- | ----- | ------ |
| Application      | in            | _Google Drive_             | And   | Block  |
| URL Path & Query | matches regex | `.*(e=download\|export).*` |       |        |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block Google Drive downloads",
  "description": "Block file downloads from Google Drive",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "any(app.ids[*] in {554}) and http.request.uri.path_and_query matches \".*(e=download\\|export).*\"",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

### Block Gmail downloads

Block file downloads from Gmail.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector         | Operator | Value                                   | Logic | Action |
| ---------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------- | ----- | ------ |
| Host             | is       | `mail-attachment.googleusercontent.com` | And   | Block  |
| URL Path & Query | is       | `/attachment/u/0`                       |       |        |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Block Gmail downloads",
  "description": "Block file downloads from Gmail",
  "enabled": true,
  "action": "block",
  "filters": [
    "http"
  ],
  "traffic": "http.request.host == \"mail-attachment.googleusercontent.com\" and http.request.uri.path_and_query matches \"/attachment/u/0\"",
  "identity": "",
  "device_posture": ""
}'
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>
