src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/http3.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: HTTP/3 inspection
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

import { Details } from "~/components";

Gateway supports inspection of HTTP/3 traffic, which uses the QUIC protocol over UDP. HTTP/3 inspection requires a [user-side certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/) to be deployed and traffic to be proxied over UDP with [TLS version 1.3](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/).

Gateway applies HTTP policies to HTTP/3 traffic last. For more information, refer to the [order of enforcement](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/order-of-enforcement/#http3-traffic).

## Enable HTTP/3 inspection

To enable HTTP/3 inspection, turn on the [Gateway proxy](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/proxy/) for UDP:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **Settings** > **Network**.
2. In **Firewall**, turn on **Proxy**.
3. Select **TCP** and **UDP**.
4. Turn on **TLS decryption**.

### Application limitations

Gateway can inspect HTTP/3 traffic from Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Edge, as well as other HTTP applications, such as cURL.

If the UDP proxy is enabled in Zero Trust, Google Chrome will force all HTTP/3 traffic to fall back to HTTP/2, allowing you to enforce your HTTP policies. If the UDP proxy is not enabled, HTTP/3 traffic from Chrome will bypass inspection.

## Force HTTP/2 traffic

To apply Gateway policies to HTTP traffic without turning on the UDP proxy, you must disable QUIC in your users' browsers to ensure only HTTP/2 traffic reaches Gateway.

<Details header="Google Chrome">

1. Go to `chrome://flags`
2. Disable **Experimental QUIC protocol**.
3. Relaunch Chrome.

</Details>

<Details header="Safari">

1. Go to **Safari** > **Settings** > **Advanced** and enable **Show Develop menu in menu bar**, then relaunch Safari.
2. Go to **Develop** > **Experimental Features** and disable **HTTP/3**.
3. Relaunch Safari.

</Details>

<Details header="Firefox">

1. Go to `about:config`.
2. If you receive a warning, select **Accept the Risk and Continue**.
3. Disable **network.http.http3.enable**.
4. Relaunch Firefox.

</Details>

<Details header="Microsoft Edge">

1. Go to `edge://flags`
2. Disable **Experimental QUIC protocol**.
3. Relaunch Edge.

</Details>

Commit message:

Add banner to HTTP policy pages

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/http3.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: HTTP/3 inspection
sidebar:
  order: 3
banner:
  content: The default global Cloudflare root certificate will expire on 2025-02-02. If you installed the default Cloudflare certificate before 2024-10-17, you must <a href="/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/#generate-a-cloudflare-root-certificate">generate a new certificate</a> and activate it for your Zero Trust organization to avoid inspection errors.
---

import { Details } from "~/components";

Gateway supports inspection of HTTP/3 traffic, which uses the QUIC protocol over UDP. HTTP/3 inspection requires a [user-side certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/) to be deployed and traffic to be proxied over UDP with [TLS version 1.3](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/).

Gateway applies HTTP policies to HTTP/3 traffic last. For more information, refer to the [order of enforcement](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/order-of-enforcement/#http3-traffic).

## Enable HTTP/3 inspection

To enable HTTP/3 inspection, turn on the [Gateway proxy](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/proxy/) for UDP:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **Settings** > **Network**.
2. In **Firewall**, turn on **Proxy**.
3. Select **TCP** and **UDP**.
4. Turn on **TLS decryption**.

### Application limitations

Gateway can inspect HTTP/3 traffic from Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Edge, as well as other HTTP applications, such as cURL.

If the UDP proxy is enabled in Zero Trust, Google Chrome will force all HTTP/3 traffic to fall back to HTTP/2, allowing you to enforce your HTTP policies. If the UDP proxy is not enabled, HTTP/3 traffic from Chrome will bypass inspection.

## Force HTTP/2 traffic

To apply Gateway policies to HTTP traffic without turning on the UDP proxy, you must disable QUIC in your users' browsers to ensure only HTTP/2 traffic reaches Gateway.

<Details header="Google Chrome">

1. Go to `chrome://flags`
2. Disable **Experimental QUIC protocol**.
3. Relaunch Chrome.

</Details>

<Details header="Safari">

1. Go to **Safari** > **Settings** > **Advanced** and enable **Show Develop menu in menu bar**, then relaunch Safari.
2. Go to **Develop** > **Experimental Features** and disable **HTTP/3**.
3. Relaunch Safari.

</Details>

<Details header="Firefox">

1. Go to `about:config`.
2. If you receive a warning, select **Accept the Risk and Continue**.
3. Disable **network.http.http3.enable**.
4. Relaunch Firefox.

</Details>

<Details header="Microsoft Edge">

1. Go to `edge://flags`
2. Disable **Experimental QUIC protocol**.
3. Relaunch Edge.

</Details>
